Errors.md, before:

Error messages in Rust... for inspiration :)

- Warnings
  - ``` `sdg_ast` (lib) generated 16 warnings (run `cargo fix --lib -p sdg_ast` to apply 10 suggestions) ```
  - ``` unused variable: `b` ```
  - ``` unused import: `std::fs::File` ```
  - ``` methods `is_identifier` and `get_first_token` are never used ```
  - ``` fields `kind` and `given_path` are never read ```
  - ``` variants `FileNotFound`, `PermissionDenied`, and `AlreadyExists` are never constructed ```
  - ``` associated function `init` is never used ```
  - ``` function `read_bytes` is never used ```
  - ``` unreachable statement ```
- Errors
  - ``` could not compile `sdg_ast` (lib) due to 5 previous errors; 2 warnings emitted ```
  - ``` cannot find function `doto` in this scope ```
  - ``` cannot find macro `printll` in this scope ```
  - ``` cannot add `char` to `{integer}` ```
    - ``` help: a macro with a similar name exists: `println` ```
  - ``` no method named `write` found for struct `File` in the current scope ```
  - ``` mismatched types ```
    - ``` expected `Result<AST, Box<dyn SodigyError>>`, found `bool` ```
  - ``` `Result<String, FromUtf8Error>` doesn't implement `std::fmt::Display` ```
    - ``` `Result<String, FromUtf8Error>` cannot be formatted with the default formatter ```
  - ``` couldn't read test.rs: stream did not contain valid UTF-8 ```
  - ``` pattern does not mention field `prefix` ```
  - ``` non-item in item list ```
    - when I placed `[]` after a method definition, for no reason
  - ``` visibility qualifiers are not permitted here ```
    - when I placed `pub` in front of `fn` in trait implementation
  - ``` unresolved import `crate::error::SodigyError` ```
    - ``` no `SodigyError` in `err` ```
  - ``` expected item after attributes ```
  - ``` expected one of `(`, `,`, `=`, `{`, or `}`, found `:` ```
  - ``` the name `ASTErrorKind` is defined multiple times ```
  - ``` this file contains an unclosed delimiter ```
  - ``` unterminated double quote string ```
  - ``` identifier `a` is bound more than once in this parameter list ```
  - ``` conflicting implementations of trait `Endec` for type `(_, _, _)` ```
  - ``` unterminated block comment ```
  - ``` file not found for module `asdf` ```
  - ``` no field `path` on type `&FileError` ```
  - ``` the name `T` is already used for a generic parameter in this item's generic parameters ```
  - ``` `..` can only be used once per tuple pattern ```
  - ``` parameter `T` is never used ```
    - if there's an unused generic arg in an enum def
  - ``` character literal may only contain one codepoint ```
    - ``` if you meant to write a `str` literal, use double quotes ```
  - ``` empty character literal ```
  - ``` field `got` bound multiple times in the pattern ```
  - ``` this function takes 0 arguments but 1 argument was supplied ```
  - ``` unexpected closing delimiter: `}` ```
  - ``` no valid digits found for number ```
  - ``` integer literal is too large ```
  - ``` type annotations needed ```
    - when the compiler doesn't know the type of `x.iter().collect()`
  - ``` refutable pattern in local binding ```
  - ``` variable `x` is not bound in all patterns ```
    - multiple patterns are connected via `or`, and a pattern has name `x` while another does not

---

How about using Elm style error messages?

Commit message:

lower struct_init to mir

Errors.md, after:

Error messages in Rust... for inspiration :)

- Warnings
  - ``` `sdg_ast` (lib) generated 16 warnings (run `cargo fix --lib -p sdg_ast` to apply 10 suggestions) ```
  - ``` unused variable: `b` ```
  - ``` unused import: `std::fs::File` ```
  - ``` methods `is_identifier` and `get_first_token` are never used ```
  - ``` fields `kind` and `given_path` are never read ```
  - ``` variants `FileNotFound`, `PermissionDenied`, and `AlreadyExists` are never constructed ```
  - ``` associated function `init` is never used ```
  - ``` function `read_bytes` is never used ```
  - ``` unreachable statement ```
- Errors
  - ``` could not compile `sdg_ast` (lib) due to 5 previous errors; 2 warnings emitted ```
  - ``` cannot find function `doto` in this scope ```
  - ``` cannot find macro `printll` in this scope ```
  - ``` cannot add `char` to `{integer}` ```
    - ``` help: a macro with a similar name exists: `println` ```
  - ``` no method named `write` found for struct `File` in the current scope ```
  - ``` mismatched types ```
    - ``` expected `Result<AST, Box<dyn SodigyError>>`, found `bool` ```
  - ``` `Result<String, FromUtf8Error>` doesn't implement `std::fmt::Display` ```
    - ``` `Result<String, FromUtf8Error>` cannot be formatted with the default formatter ```
  - ``` couldn't read test.rs: stream did not contain valid UTF-8 ```
  - ``` pattern does not mention field `prefix` ```
  - ``` non-item in item list ```
    - when I placed `[]` after a method definition, for no reason
  - ``` visibility qualifiers are not permitted here ```
    - when I placed `pub` in front of `fn` in trait implementation
  - ``` unresolved import `crate::error::SodigyError` ```
    - ``` no `SodigyError` in `err` ```
  - ``` expected item after attributes ```
  - ``` expected one of `(`, `,`, `=`, `{`, or `}`, found `:` ```
  - ``` the name `ASTErrorKind` is defined multiple times ```
  - ``` this file contains an unclosed delimiter ```
  - ``` unterminated double quote string ```
  - ``` identifier `a` is bound more than once in this parameter list ```
  - ``` conflicting implementations of trait `Endec` for type `(_, _, _)` ```
  - ``` unterminated block comment ```
  - ``` file not found for module `asdf` ```
  - ``` no field `path` on type `&FileError` ```
  - ``` the name `T` is already used for a generic parameter in this item's generic parameters ```
  - ``` `..` can only be used once per tuple pattern ```
  - ``` parameter `T` is never used ```
    - if there's an unused generic arg in an enum def
  - ``` character literal may only contain one codepoint ```
    - ``` if you meant to write a `str` literal, use double quotes ```
  - ``` empty character literal ```
  - ``` field `got` bound multiple times in the pattern ```
  - ``` this function takes 0 arguments but 1 argument was supplied ```
  - ``` unexpected closing delimiter: `}` ```
  - ``` no valid digits found for number ```
  - ``` integer literal is too large ```
  - ``` type annotations needed ```
    - when the compiler doesn't know the type of `x.iter().collect()`
  - ``` refutable pattern in local binding ```
  - ``` variable `x` is not bound in all patterns ```
    - multiple patterns are connected via `or`, and a pattern has name `x` while another does not
  - ``` missing fields `x` and `y` in initializer of `Foo` ```
  - ``` struct `Foo` has no field named `z` ```

---

How about using Elm style error messages?
